OK now in this lesson we are going to see what is task interaction models.
Now ask injection models as a name suggests that they are going to be revolving around a task and the
interaction between the user and the system.
So a task injection model is required to show all the interactions between your system and the user.
You can define all the requirements and all the different stuff related to your user needs and things
like that.
But how the development team or developers are going to know how the user is going to interact and what
will be the system response.
For example we want to show so sure some animation or some you can see swipe effect for the users to
you know get the idea of what is happening maybe we want to show some error message.
So this is actually going to show all the required steps and user actions to complete a task.
Now this is actually a very you can see formal interaction model you can also do what you can also do
in recent years.
We have seen a lot of great prototyping apps like proto by then we have principal.
Then we have our Dolby actually.
You can also build different task interaction models using Adobe equity.
Okay.
So you need to show how user is going to interact with the system what will be their use.
And your system's response.
You don't need to write a long stories and long documentations which which will be difficult for the
developer to you know understand.
You can just show them by using prototypes so you can build different prototypes for different task
interactions between their user and your system.
And that is all.
But right now we need to see what is actually starts contraction models.
Just expand your you can say knowledge frame frame of knowledge that this is actually why we are doing
it now.
The parts of past contraction models are the Task Name.
The goal of your task.
What is a trigger.
What was the trigger.
Why.
The user started this task.
What are the needs during the stocks for example a logging task needs a logging name or email address
and then the password and also the barriers faced by users during the task.
So what will be the barriers or what will be the problems user actually faced doing the task.
So this is actually you can see a detailed task interaction model which shows that how and why user
started this task and what happened doing this task and how the system responded with the messages or
things like that.
So let's see one example which I paid for specifically for this project from Oakland.
Let me show you that now you can see this is a task interaction model for ordering us and real address.
So this is the task I gave to the user and this is how actually things are going to happen on the left
side is a user on the right side of the system customer search for Cinderella in the search box and
click such button.
You can see this is what did you do.
It is showing each and every step taken by the user.
This is actually very necessary.
Now the next step is just clicked on the first item on such user spirit.
It is also showing what is the behavior how they actually select things system return their detail page
for the address customer selected customer selected pink color from the to available color options system
switch the preview image to pink dress.
So this is actually we are showing that this is actually how our system is going to work.
Customer selected four to five years from the sizes list system highlighted the selected size and updates.
Thus in stock status so right now it is in stock.
Customers is a bit confused about the sizing options.
So this is actually the barrier custom faced customer actually faced.
And then we have customer clicked on size charts to see whether she has selected the correct side system
shows the size charts on as an overlay image.
Customer clicked on size chart to see whether she has selected so this is actually the user and system
interacting with each other.
These are the inputs what the user is doing what are the outputs denoted by the system.
What are the barriers doing that which user actually faced.
So this can also be your task analysis you did in your user research or it can be done on a prototype
you have already developed so you had a prototype you show it to your user they used it they perform
the task and this is what happened so this is all about task contraction model you can skip that you
can skip that and just try to build a few prototypes because it is easier and then more visual and this
shows rather than tell that is what we need.
Okay.
So I hope you enjoyed this task interaction model.
If you have any questions to ask me.
Don't forget to ask me a lot of questions because I love them.
And sometimes a lot of my students that they give to Star of wonder star or three star reviews they
don't happen to ask any questions to me.
So this is very you can see very sad for me when the don't ask questions and they just leave one or
two star reviews.
I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.